Update step-2-configure-a-two-way-wcf-webhttp-send-port.md (#994)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/core/step-2-configure-a-two-way-wcf-webhttp-send-port.md

        ```

         Here, **GET** is the HTTP verb, and **On_Time_Performance** is appended to the base URI to construct a unique resource URL to retrieve flight delays.

         > [!IMPORTANT]
         >
         > Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and 
         > preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`.
         >
         > For the following text:
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"`

>          >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        ```

         Here, **GET** is the HTTP verb, and **On_Time_Performance** is appended to the base URI to construct a unique resource URL to retrieve flight delays.

         > [!IMPORTANT]
         >
         > Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and 
         > preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`.
         >
         > For the following text:
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"`
         >
         >

>          > Use the following text instead: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > Use the following version instead: 
```

         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"`
         >
         > If the REST service also requires that you escape the special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping.
         >
         > For the following text: 
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"`
         >

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

>          >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>            >Use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > Use the following version instead: 
```

>            >`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"`
```

>          Here, **GET** is the HTTP verb and **On_Time_Performance** is appended to the base URI to construct a unique resource URL to retrieve flight delays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Here, **GET** is the HTTP verb, and **On_Time_Performance** is appended to the base URI to construct a unique resource URL to retrieve flight delays.
```

         > [!IMPORTANT]
         >

>          > Within the URL field, any special XML characters must be "escaped". This ensures that the special XML characters are processed, and preserved by the port. For example, the `&` special character must be escaped as `&amp;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port 
         > processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`.
```

>          > Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and 
```

>          > processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`.
```

         >
         > For the following text:
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"`

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

>            >Use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >Use the following text instead: 
```

>            >`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"`
```

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

>          > If the REST service also requires the special character be escaped within the URL used at runtime, double-escaping may be required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > If the REST service also requires that you escape the special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping.
```

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

>            >For:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > For the following text: 
```

>            >`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"`
```

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

         Here, **GET** is the HTTP verb and **On_Time_Performance** is appended to the base URI to construct a unique resource URL to retrieve flight delays.

         > [!IMPORTANT]
         >

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

         > Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port 
         > processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`.

>            >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         >
```

>            >For:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > For the following text:
```

>            >`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}”`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > `Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"`
```

>          > [!TIP]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         > [!IMPORTANT]
         >

```
```suggestion
         > [!TIP]
```
